then Joseph could not restrain himself
then Joseph could not restrain himself before all those who stood by him make
before all those who stood by him make
before all those who stood by him make everyone go out from me
everyone go out from me
everyone go out from me so no one stood with him while Joseph
so no one stood with him while Joseph
so no one stood with him while Joseph made himself known to his brothers and
made himself known to his brothers and
made himself known to his brothers and he wept aloud and the Egyptians of the
he wept aloud and the Egyptians of the
he wept aloud and the Egyptians of the house of Pharaoh heard it then Joseph
house of Pharaoh heard it then Joseph
house of Pharaoh heard it then Joseph said to his brothers I am Joseph does my
said to his brothers I am Joseph does my
said to his brothers I am Joseph does my father still live but his brothers could
father still live but his brothers could
father still live but his brothers could not answer him for they were dismayed in
not answer him for they were dismayed in
not answer him for they were dismayed in his presence
his presence
his presence please come near to me so they came near
please come near to me so they came near
please come near to me so they came near I am Joseph your brother whom you sold
I am Joseph your brother whom you sold
I am Joseph your brother whom you sold into Egypt but now do not therefore be
into Egypt but now do not therefore be
into Egypt but now do not therefore be grieved or angry with yourselves because
grieved or angry with yourselves because
grieved or angry with yourselves because you sold me here for God sent me before
you sold me here for God sent me before
you sold me here for God sent me before you to preserve life
you to preserve life
you to preserve life for these two years the famine has been
for these two years the famine has been
for these two years the famine has been in the land and there are still five
in the land and there are still five
in the land and there are still five years in which there will be neither
years in which there will be neither
years in which there will be neither ploughing nor harvesting and God sent me
ploughing nor harvesting and God sent me
ploughing nor harvesting and God sent me before you to preserve a posterity for
before you to preserve a posterity for
before you to preserve a posterity for you in the earth and to save your lives
you in the earth and to save your lives
you in the earth and to save your lives by a great deliverance so now it was not
by a great deliverance so now it was not
by a great deliverance so now it was not you who sent me here but God and he has
you who sent me here but God and he has
you who sent me here but God and he has made me a father to Pharaoh and Lord of
made me a father to Pharaoh and Lord of
made me a father to Pharaoh and Lord of all his house and a ruler throughout all
all his house and a ruler throughout all
all his house and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt
the land of Egypt
the land of Egypt hurry and go up to my father and say to
hurry and go up to my father and say to
hurry and go up to my father and say to him thus says your son Joseph God has
him thus says your son Joseph God has
him thus says your son Joseph God has made me Lord of all Egypt come down to
made me Lord of all Egypt come down to
made me Lord of all Egypt come down to me do not tarry you shall dwell in the
me do not tarry you shall dwell in the
me do not tarry you shall dwell in the land of Goshen and you shall be near to
land of Goshen and you shall be near to
land of Goshen and you shall be near to me you and your children your children's
me you and your children your children's
me you and your children your children's children your flocks and your herds and
children your flocks and your herds and
children your flocks and your herds and all that you have there I will provide
all that you have there I will provide
all that you have there I will provide for you lest you and your household and
for you lest you and your household and
for you lest you and your household and all that you have come to poverty for
all that you have come to poverty for
all that you have come to poverty for there are still five years of famine and
there are still five years of famine and
there are still five years of famine and behold your eyes in the eyes of my
behold your eyes in the eyes of my
behold your eyes in the eyes of my brother Benjamin see that it is my mouth
brother Benjamin see that it is my mouth
brother Benjamin see that it is my mouth that speaks to you so you shall tell my
that speaks to you so you shall tell my
that speaks to you so you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt and of
father of all my glory in Egypt and of
father of all my glory in Egypt and of all that you have seen that you should
all that you have seen that you should
all that you have seen that you should hurry and bring my father down here
then he fell on his brother Benjamin's
then he fell on his brother Benjamin's neck and wept and Benjamin wept on his
neck and wept and Benjamin wept on his
neck and wept and Benjamin wept on his neck moreover he kissed all his brothers
neck moreover he kissed all his brothers
neck moreover he kissed all his brothers and wept over them and after that his
and wept over them and after that his
and wept over them and after that his brothers talked with him
now the report of it was heard in
now the report of it was heard in Pharaoh's house Joseph's brothers have
Pharaoh's house Joseph's brothers have
Pharaoh's house Joseph's brothers have come so it pleased Pharaoh and his
come so it pleased Pharaoh and his
come so it pleased Pharaoh and his servants well and Pharaoh said to Joseph
servants well and Pharaoh said to Joseph
servants well and Pharaoh said to Joseph say to your brothers do this load your
say to your brothers do this load your
say to your brothers do this load your animals and depart go to the land of
animals and depart go to the land of
animals and depart go to the land of Canaan bring your father and your
Canaan bring your father and your
Canaan bring your father and your households and come to me I will give
households and come to me I will give
households and come to me I will give you the best of the land of Egypt and
you the best of the land of Egypt and
you the best of the land of Egypt and you will eat the fat of the land now you
you will eat the fat of the land now you
you will eat the fat of the land now you are commanded do this take carts out of
are commanded do this take carts out of
are commanded do this take carts out of the land of Egypt for your little ones
the land of Egypt for your little ones
the land of Egypt for your little ones and your wives bring your father and
and your wives bring your father and
and your wives bring your father and come also do not be concerned about your
come also do not be concerned about your
come also do not be concerned about your goods for the best of all the land of
goods for the best of all the land of
goods for the best of all the land of Egypt is yours then the sons of Israel
Egypt is yours then the sons of Israel
Egypt is yours then the sons of Israel did sir and Joseph gave them cuts
did sir and Joseph gave them cuts
did sir and Joseph gave them cuts according to the command of Pharaoh and
according to the command of Pharaoh and
according to the command of Pharaoh and he gave them provisions for the journey
he gave them provisions for the journey
he gave them provisions for the journey he gave to all of them to each man
he gave to all of them to each man
he gave to all of them to each man changes of garments but to Benjamin he
changes of garments but to Benjamin he
changes of garments but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver and
gave three hundred pieces of silver and
gave three hundred pieces of silver and five changes of garments and he sent to
five changes of garments and he sent to
five changes of garments and he sent to his father
his father
his father these things tend Uncas loaded with the
these things tend Uncas loaded with the
these things tend Uncas loaded with the good things of Egypt and ten female
good things of Egypt and ten female
good things of Egypt and ten female donkeys loaded with grain bread and food
donkeys loaded with grain bread and food
donkeys loaded with grain bread and food for his father for the journey
for his father for the journey
for his father for the journey so he sent his brothers away and they
so he sent his brothers away and they
so he sent his brothers away and they departed and he said to them see that
departed and he said to them see that
departed and he said to them see that you do not become troubled along the way
you do not become troubled along the way
you do not become troubled along the way then they went up out of Egypt and came
then they went up out of Egypt and came
then they went up out of Egypt and came to the land of Canaan to Jacob their
to the land of Canaan to Jacob their
to the land of Canaan to Jacob their father Joseph is still alive and he is
father Joseph is still alive and he is
father Joseph is still alive and he is governor over all the land of Egypt and
governor over all the land of Egypt and
governor over all the land of Egypt and Jacob's heart Stood Still because he did
Jacob's heart Stood Still because he did
Jacob's heart Stood Still because he did not believe them but when they told him
not believe them but when they told him
not believe them but when they told him all the words which Joseph had said to
all the words which Joseph had said to
all the words which Joseph had said to them and when he saw the cards which
them and when he saw the cards which
them and when he saw the cards which Joseph had sent to carry him the spirit
Joseph had sent to carry him the spirit
Joseph had sent to carry him the spirit of Jacob their father revived it is
of Jacob their father revived it is
of Jacob their father revived it is enough Joseph my son is still alive I
enough Joseph my son is still alive I
enough Joseph my son is still alive I will go and see him before I die